# Cantango Masquerade

The Masquerade API for [CanTango](https://github.com/kristianmandrup/cantango)

## Status: Dec 8 2011

All specs pass. Tested, and integrates very nicely with [CanTango API](https://github.com/kristianmandrup/cantango-api)

## Dependencies

This extension depends on the CanTango [core](https://github.com/kristianmandrup/cantango-core) and follows the extension conventions as described there.

## Add-ons

* CanTango
  * Ability
    * Helper
    * Masquerade
  * Api
    * Masquerade
      * Account
      * User
  * Macros
    * Masquerader
      * Account
      * User

## Core extensions

* CanTango
  * Macros
    * Account
    * User

These macros add the ability to specify usage of masquerade API using a :masquerade option (true or false)

## Usage examples

Masquerade as another user:

```ruby
class User
  tango_user :masquerade
end

class Admin
  tango_user :masquerade
end

mike = User.new 'mike'
admin = Admin.new 'admin'

admin.masquerade_as mike
admin.masquerade? # => true
# ...
admin.stop_masquerade
admin.masquerade? # => false
```

Masquerade as another account:

````ruby
class UserAccount
  tango_account :masquerade
end

class AdminAccount
  tango_account :masquerade
end

mike_ac = UserAccount.new mike
admin_ac = Admin.new admin

admin_ac.masquerade_as mike_ac
admin_ac.masquerade? # => true
# ...
admin_ac.stop_masquerade
admin_ac.masquerade? # => false
```

## Contributing to cantango-masquerade
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

## Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Kristian Mandrup. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

